[core] Drop node 6 support (#14379)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/src/pages/getting-started/supported-platforms/supported-platforms.md

## Server

Because Material-UI supports server-side rendering, we need to support the latest, stable releases of [Node.js](https://github.com/nodejs/node).

> We try to support the [LTS version in maintenance](https://github.com/nodejs/Release#lts-schedule1). Right now, we support **node v8.x** and newer versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We also try to support the [LTS versions that are in maintenance](https://github.com/nodejs/Release#lts-schedule1). Right now, we support **node v8.x** and newer versions.
```
